In this episode, I'm going to teach you a useful English expression
to help you sound more natural.
Good morning, my friend!
This is Coffee with Kaizen number 19.
And in this episode, like I said, I'm going to teach you a simple,
Useful English expression to help you sound a little more natural in
your daily conversations.
And that expression is to be able to use something.
All right? Now, we use this expression to say that something would
be nice or that something would be useful,
Or that we would like something, or that we need something.
So hopefully that's not too confusing.
But like always, I'm going to give you some examples and you'll see
that those. Four things are more or less the same thing when we're
using this expression. All right?
So let's not waste any time.
Let's get into these examples.
Number one, I could use some help with my homework if you're not too
busy. So let's imagine you're talking to your brother, your mom,
Somebody, somebody that can help you and you say,
"I could use some homework with my..." I could use some homework?
Don't say that.
Let's do that again. Example number one, I could use some help with
my homework if you're not too busy.
So what you're saying is basically, it would be nice if you helped me
with my homework or
I would like it if you helped me with my homework.
Right? I need some help with my homework.
So hopefully you can see I'm really just saying the same thing in a
different way. It would be nice if you helped me.
I would like it if you helped me.
I need some help. Right?
I could use some help.
That's the idea. Here's another example.
Man, you look like you could use a drink.
You look like you could use a drink.
So let's imagine you're talking to your friend and he's had a long
day at work. He's been super stressed dealing with frustration and
deadlines And assignments and his boss and just all of this
nonsense. He's just really, really tired and frustrated.
Y ou look at him and you're like, "Man, you look like you would
appreciate a nice drink".
You look like you need a drink or you look like you could use a
drink. All right?
Another example. This place could use a renovation.
So let's imagine you go to a house or you're going to buy a house or
something like that, but it's really old.
It hasn't been painted or hasn't been renovated actually.
It hasn't been renovated in a long time.
It's just old and outdated.
It needs to be renovated, updated.
It needs new fixtures and doors and paint and things like that.
You can say, "this place could use a renovation".
Which is the same thing as saying, "this place needs to be
renovated". Or it would be nice if someone renovated this place.
This place could use a renovation.
All right? Here's another example.
We can use all the help we can get.
Man, we can use all the help we can get.
Which is the same thing as saying,
"we need all the help that is available to us".
Right? Or any help big or small would be useful to us.
So we can use all the help that we can get,
All the help that we can possibly receive, we can use it.
We need it. It would be nice.
We would appreciate it. You see what I'm saying?
Now, if you want to put emphasis on this phrase,
We can put the word 'really' in between the words 'could' and 'use'.
For example, I could really use a drink right now.
I could really use a drink right now, which basically means I
seriously need a drink.
I would really appreciate it.
I could really use it.
You know? Another example.
We could really use some help on this project.
We're stressed, man. We don't have enough people working on this
project. We could really use some help.
We would really appreciate it.
It would be great.
We seriously need some help.
Okay? One more example, I could really use a vacation.
I've been working for the last two years on this project nonstop.
No breaks, no vacation.
No nothing. I work 10 hours a day.
I'm tired. I could really use a vacation.
A vacation would be really nice.
I seriously need a vacation.
Now, I said this phrase would help you sound more natural,
But the truth is that you don't need to use this phrase to sound
natural. This is just another way of saying something would be nice
or something would be useful,
Or we would like something or we need something.
It's just another way of saying those four things, which in this
context, they're all essentially the same thing.
Right? All of those phrases are completely fine.
You know? Like, a drink would be nice.
A drink would be useful.
I would like a drink or I need a drink.
Right? All of those are fine. I'm just teaching you another way of
saying the same thing because it's also...
Or excuse me, it's always nice to be able to switch things up from
time to time. So in other words, it's always nice to be able to do
or say the same thing in a different way.
So instead of always saying I need this or I need that,
You can say I could use this or I could use that.
All right? So if you have any doubts, feel free to send me a
message, man. But hopefully, the explanation was clear.
And that's it for now, man.
That's Coffee with Kaizen number 19 in the books.
So I will talk to you tomorrow.
Peace!